The CoQ10 Collection

The Gold Standard for Skin-Perfecting Care

CoQ10 is such a powerful, proven antioxidant that we’ve infused our largest ever range of Japanese face and body products with it. Protect your complexion from environmental damage, or reverse signs of past damage. Take action now against elasticity loss, dullness, dryness and fine lines with this revitalizing collection.

CTA: Shop Now

Coenzyme Q10
(ubiquinone)

Coenzyme Q10, or ubiquinone (you-BIK-kwi-none), helps to promote cellular energy production and protect cells from harmful environmental stress. This golden-hued nutrient is found naturally in your skin, but as we age, coQ10 levels decrease dramatically.

Protects
Neutralizes free radicals from environmental and UV exposure

Replenishes
Prevents coQ10 loss to maintain youthful-looking skin

Beautifies
Promotes your complexion’s brightness, smoothness and elasticity

CTA: What Is CoQ10? Read More

Featured Ingredients

Olive Fruit Oil
Antioxidant, moisturizer
Rich in antioxidants, olive oil maintains the skin’s moisture barrier and helps fight damage caused by free radicals without clogging pores. Our oil is sourced from an organic olive farm in southern Spain.

Hydrolyzed Collagen
Protects and moisturizes
Skin-plumping collagen is processed into ultra-tiny peptides, making it more easily absorbed and leaving skin feeling soft and supple.

Sodium Hyaluronate
Nourishes and moisturizes
This easily absorbed nutrient and antioxidant helps to boost long-lasting moisture and revitalizes the skin’s outer layers.

Vitamin E
Antioxidant, skin conditioner
Helps prevent the signs of premature aging by protecting skin against environmental pollution and free radicals, and helps the skin to retain moisture.

Licorice Root Extract
Soothes skin
This botanical ingredient helps to encourage skin’s suppleness.

Aloe Leaf Extract
Conditions
This soothing botanical ingredient imparts a calming effect on skin while protecting against oxidative stress.

Olive Leaf Extract
Antioxidant, hydrating
The leaf of the olive tree helps protect the skin against pollution and helps to fight the visible signs of aging.


The Collection
Tab 1: Face Care
Firmer-looking, brighter skin.

CoQ10 Washing Cream
Foaming cream facial cleanser
Luxurious, high-volume lather nourishes with coQ10, leaving skin feeling soft and free from impurities without stripping. Olive oil and squalane hydrate and protect skin’s natural moisture barrier. Pair with your preferred DHC cleansing oil for a Japanese double cleanse.

CoQ10 Lotion
Alcohol-free toner for prepping skin for hydration
This hydrating toner fights damaging free radicals with coQ10 to promote collagen and elastin production. Applied after cleansing, it prepares skin for targeted treatments and more intensive moisture while delivering light antioxidant care.

CoQ10 Milk
Lightweight daytime moisturizer
Use this antioxidant-fueled facial milk to encourage firmness and help neutralize free radicals at the surface level. Olive oil, collagen and sodium hyaluronate hydrate and protect skin’s natural moisture barrier, and licorice root extract and serine soothe the complexion.

CoQ10 Quick Gel Brightening Moisture
Multi-action gel cream for every skin type
Simplify your daily beauty routine with this fast-absorbing, all-in-one gel cream for all skin types. Creamy gel tones, primes and brightens with daisy extract and vitamin C while nourishing with olive fruit oil and locking in all-day moisture with sodium hyaluronate. For enhanced benefits, use it as a hydrating mask treatment.

CoQ10 Eye Cream
Potent fine line treatment for the eyes
Fend off fine lines and crow’s feet with this luxurious cream. Vitamins A, C and E fight signs of visible aging, and shea butter and squalane deeply hydrate the delicate eye area. Olive oil-infused formula easily absorbs for layering over additional treatments and under makeup.

Q10 Cream
High-performance moisturizer
An age-defying complex of olive oil and olive leaf extract aids in soothing and revitalizing without clogging pores. Rich, firming emollient formula helps promotes collagen to maintain tone and resilience for supple, younger-looking skin.

Tab 2: Targeted
Body care and more.

CoQ10 Eye Cream
Potent fine line treatment for the eyes
Fend off fine lines and crow’s feet with this luxurious cream. Vitamins A, C and E fight signs of visible aging, and shea butter and squalane deeply hydrate the delicate eye area. Olive oil-infused formula easily absorbs for layering over additional treatments and under makeup.

CoQ10 Neck Cream
Shea-based cream for neck and décolletage
Refines tone and texture of the delicate neck area with vitamins A, C and E. Serine and allantoin calm skin, and midweight, creamy texture absorbs quickly with no residue.

Q10 Mask
Antioxidant-powered sheet mask for all skin types
This 20-minute treatment addresses elasticity loss with coQ10. Sodium hyaluronate and collagen help maintain skin’s natural moisture barrier. Serine, licorice root extract and aloe soothe, while the mask’s customizable Japanese design allows for a perfect fit.

Q10 Body Soap
Body bar for all skin types
One of our top-selling products, this gentle bar soap is formulated with antioxidant coQ10 and vitamin E to protect skin against environmental pollution and free radicals. Botanicals like carrot root extract revitalize skin’s appearance, and virgin olive oil and olive leaf extract nourish and hydrate.

CoQ10 Hand Cream
Antioxidant hand cream
Soothing, rich cream hydrates hands while protecting them from moisture loss. Shea-based formula contains antioxidant-rich carrot root extract, vitamin E and olive leaf extract to nourish and protect. Lightweight texture absorbs easily.

Suggested Regimen

Tab 1: Core
Maximum care

Oil Cleanse
Choose an oil cleanser

Lathering Cleanse
CoQ10 Washing Cream

Tone
CoQ10 Lotion

Moisturize
CoQ10 Milk or Q10 Cream

CTAs:
Shop Oil Cleansers
Shop the Collection

Tab 2: Simplified
Streamlined care

Oil Cleanse
Choose an oil cleanser

Lathering Cleanse
CoQ10 Washing Cream

Tone, Moisturize, Prime
CoQ10 Quick Gel ↵Brightening Moisture

CTAs:
Shop Oil Cleansers
Shop the Collection


Testimonials: [All of these are 5-star reviews, in case you want to add stars. Lisa]

Washing Cream
Fantastic product
This is the best cleanser I have ever used. It leaves my skin so soft and so clean, no matter what has been on it. I use it in the shower every day and I glow!
Loric6961
Montgomery, AL

CoQ10 Lotion
FABULOUS!!
This product is essential for my daily skin care routine. It prepares my face for the next step in my makeup application. It is also wonderful even when used alone on those days I choose not to apply makeup.
Frances
Pell City, Alabama

CoQ10 Milk
Great moisture under makeup
I love the CoQ10 Milk because it's lightweight, but still does an excellent job of moisturizing.
RoseGrace
Los Angeles, CA

Quick Gel Brightening Moisture
Go-to
This has been my go-to anti-aging for a couple of years now. I love how it leaves my face brighter and younger looking and is light, not greasy. Highly recommend!
SPSA
Southeast USA

Q10 Cream
Absolutely the BEST cream out there!
I use Q10 both morning and night. It absorbs quickly so I can apply foundation about a minute or two after application. At night, oh my gosh, my skin drinks it in!! I LOVE Q10.
Winegirl
Santa Maria, CA

CoQ10 Eye Cream
Very pleased with this cream!
I am so glad to have discovered this eye cream… Just knowing I have it on, it feels my skin is taken care of!
Tammi57
Orland Park, Il

Q10 Mask
FABULOUS PRODUCT
LOVED the way it made my skin look… I'm definitely going to add this in my facial care regime.
mimiof6grnds
Pensacola, FL

CoQ10 Neck Cream
Excellent Product Overall
This neck cream feels very rich and luxurious and makes my skin soft and supple. Using this product instead of my regular facial moisturizer not only reminds me to specifically take care of my neck and chest, but feels very luxurious and pampering.
Rebecca28
Central IL

CoQ10 Hand Cream
My hands need this cream
I handle a lot of paper at work. My hands get dry and can crack. The Q10 hand cream every night at bedtime keeps the dryness under control and nearly eliminates the cracking all winter. It keeps them soft in summer. Excellent product. Thanks!!
Frances 59
Richmond Va.

Q10 Body Soap
Since trying this, we've used no other brand!
Love the foaminess, and the way it leaves no film! It rinses off quickly and completely!
Kleo
Boston, MA

Blog link
How to Use the CoQ10 Collection
Cleanse, tone, moisturize and spot-treat with our range of products infused with this powerful nutrient.
CTA: Learn More
